{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\vieww11440\viewh13480
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \ulnone Acknowledgments
\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ulnone Portions of this Apple Software may utilize the following copyrighted material, the use of which is hereby acknowledged.\cf0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \ulnone Timothy Reaves, et al.\cf0 \ulnone  \cf2 \ulnone ( Log4Cocoa )
\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Copyright \'a9 2007, 2008, 2009 Timothy Reaves; Portions copyright \'a9 2002, 2003 Bob Frank; Portions copyright \'a9 2004 Michael James; All rights reserved.\cf0 \ulnone \
\cf2 \ulnone Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\cf0 \ulnone \
 \cf2 \ulnone - Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\cf0 \ulnone \
 \cf2 \ulnone - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\cf0 \ulnone \
 \cf2 \ulnone - Neither the name of Log4Cocoa nor the names of its contributors or owners may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\cf0 \ulnone \
\cf2 \ulnone THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\cf0 \ulnone   \cf2 \ulnone IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\cf0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \ulnone Gilles Vollant, et al.\cf0 \ulnone  \cf2 \ulnone ( MiniZip )
\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone Version 1.1, February 14h, 2010\cf0 \ulnone \
\cf2 \ulnone part of the MiniZip project - ( http://www.winimage.com/zLibDll/minizip.html )\cf0 \ulnone \'a0\
\cf2 \ulnone Copyright (C) 1998-2010 Gilles Vollant (minizip) ( http://www.winimage.com/zLibDll/minizip.html )\cf0 \ulnone \'a0\
\cf2 \ulnone Modifications of Unzip for Zip64 Copyright (C) 2007-2008 Even Rouault\cf0 \ulnone \'a0\
\cf2 \ulnone Modifications for Zip64 support on both zip and unzip\cf0 \ulnone \
\cf2 \ulnone Copyright (C) 2009-2010 Mathias Svensson ( http://result42.com )\cf0 \ulnone \'a0\
\cf2 \ulnone ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------\cf0 \ulnone \
\cf2 \ulnone Condition of use and distribution are the same than zlib:\cf0 \ulnone \
\cf2 \ulnone This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.\cf0 \ulnone  \cf2 \ulnone In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software.\cf0 \ulnone \'a0\cf2 \ulnone Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:\cf0 \ulnone \'a0\
\cf2 \ulnone 1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software.\cf0 \ulnone  \cf2 \ulnone If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product\'a0documentation would be appreciated but is not required.\cf0 \ulnone \
\cf2 \ulnone 2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.\cf0 \ulnone \'a0\
\cf2 \ulnone 3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone R
\fs20 \cf2 ev. 4-29-2014}